you guys ever wonder if there's
something more sometimes in life we are
lost searching for an answer by to let
us go by your search for the answer ends
up an answer to our problems an answer
to feel better drink some of this it's
my medicine to live an answer to life
life is hard and you can't always get
what you want sometimes we look for the
answer in all the wrong places what's
wrong with me
you
I'm going to whip you up something
special I've been expecting you let's
just give you the works this is not the
place for you go I don't know what
you're talking about
nothing ever goes right for me my
friends won't even take me seriously
they make fun of me yes oh wise one yes
Buster 20 I'm in love with someone and I
don't have the guts to tell him I'm glad
I have you told you about this stuff wow
I know exactly how you feel me to hold
on son I was thinking maybe you'd come
over to my place yeah of course I
stomach hurts every day what exactly
seems to be the problem ulcers gastritis
tumors I can't sleep I'm just not happy
I've tried everything I've been to the
doctor I'm taking prescriptions I don't
know who I am I don't know what else to
do why is this all happening to me
roaming around for something that isn't
there is not the answer but the question
is will we ever find it
you